## Visualization Frontend

Welcome to the Visualization Frontend for XtremeXP! This frontend application provides a user-friendly interface for visualizing analytics and explanations generated by the XtremeXP backend. It is built using Superset and can be easily deployed using Docker.

### Features

- **User-Friendly Interface**: Easily visualize analytics and explanations through an intuitive web interface.
- **Integration with XtremeXP Backend**: Seamlessly connects with the XtremeXP backend to display visualizations and explanations.
- **Docker Installation**: Simple deployment using Docker for both development and production environments.

### Installation

1. Clone this repository:

    ```
    git clone https://colab-repo.intracom-telecom.com/colab-projects/extremexp/user-interaction/visualization/vis-frontend.git
    ```

2. Navigate into the project directory:

    ```
    cd vis-frontend
    ```

3. Install Docker if you haven't already.

4. Run Docker Compose to build and start the containers:

    ```
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

5. Once the containers are up and running, you can access the frontend at `http://localhost:9000` in development mode and `http://localhost:80` in production mode.

### Usage
- Navigate to `http://localhost:9000` in your web browser to access the visualization frontend.
- Explore different visualizations and explanations generated by the XtremeXP backend.

### Production Deployment

For production deployment, ensure that the appropriate configurations are set up for Superset and Docker to run on port 80.

### Dependencies

- Docker

### License

Not available
---

Feel free to reach out with any questions, issues, or suggestions!